so I'm here with Larry Daisy many of you
know him as the Riviera man how are you
sir
we're out here with at Rancho Riviera
and what we want to do is show you
actually how to test one of those pesky
65 Riviera headlight motors Larry what
we're going to do get a good steady base
or something that you can work with
because you're going to create pressure
you want to have a good battery that is
fully charged these motors take it and
you need two wires to connect so your
first wire will be the ground you want
to connect that to the battery or to the
motor itself in a good position clean it
make sure you get a good ground I like
to take the hot wire and touch it to
another place on the motor and get a
shock that means I got a good ground now
you take the plug which is if you look
at it shape two flat pins looking like a
t1 is for open one is for closed very
important do not touch both of them at
the same time okay so you've got a good
ground on your motor you got a hot
battery and now you take your hot lead
and you touch it to one or the other
nothing to me that means the motor is no
good go to the other post nothing the
motor is not turning therefore the motor
is no good so instead of tearing this
apart I will send it out and have it
rebuilt now I will show you another test
that we do another one and see if we can
get one that might just approve don't
you to be working from one of my
customers that happen to do this form
now Larry it's true isn't it that you
probably replace more headlight motors
than you then then you've needed to
because people put put the wrong
attachments on those open and closed
right they either ground out the mortar
and properly and they fry it it doesn't
take long to fry these motors there's
like a couple dozen binding points on
the headlight system of the 65 and if
they're not free and prop
lubricate and everything else's motors
gonna work longer and harder and it's
not gonna work properly
that's a one-year-old Lee motor Larry
one year only a lot of things on the 65
is one year only
so here again we got a good ground we'll
attach it we can tack it to one of the
shiny balls up here that's a good ground
area grab the plug again this is the
second motor nothing haha started to
work now let's go back and see if it
goes the other way there go it's works
now here's again on the on their head
over here you go you got one pin that is
one way the other pin takes it together
open and close touch one pin that motors
working quite a bit of torque there a
lot of torque put it in the neutral
position let's rearrange my ground so I
can check and see how much strength this
motor is got make sure I got a good
ground good ground now pin okay now Todd
will hold that I'm going to try to hold
this motor and touch someone pin so
you're kind of working it a little bit I
can stop the motor so the motor is no
good it's very weak so that's another
bad sign so that means you have to
replace the motor and just to give the
viewers an idea what does it cost to
either have one rebuilt or or fixed well
it really depends I use one of the best
people around and I'd like to they do a
real good job the field and the armature
brushes everything else a lot of places
just change the brushes
or they'll rotate the gear head and
consider it rebuilt that's not the way
they rebuilt those these have got to get
opened up and rebuilt and the company
that I use are a very well known company
and they do it for me and in turn I turn
around and create this service for the
guys you send me your old one I can
either test it and send it back for a
small fee on the chipping only or you
send me the motor if it's no good now
replace it that's great that's what
we've done here today these were these
were actual custom row motors that were
sent in what we're gonna do now is
figure out what get back with the
customer figure out what they want to do
in the meantime if you ever want to
reach Larry you can do so at his email
address which is riviera 60's at aol.com
and we'll talk to you guys again soon
with another short video clip on how to
take care of the Riviera's